Author: Martin Len
The operating system that this program was developed on is MAC OS X
Version 10.7.5

Execution Instructions:
1. Setup the JDBC driver. This program will not work without it.
2. Install MySQL.
3. Open up MySQLDatabase.java and change the user name and password to the
one set on MySQL.
4. At the command line, compile the program using "javac *.java"
5. At the command line, run the program using
"java DirectoryTraversal <directory> <numThreads> <executionTime>"

Note:
1. This program intentionally ignores the directory that is passed in
as an input argument when storing files in the database i.e. only the
subdirectories in the input directory will be considered as the top level.
2. If numThreads is less than or equal to 0, an error will be printed.
The program will continue executing using a default of 5 threads.
3. The executionTime is in milliseconds.
4. If executionTime is less than or equal to 0, an error will be
printed. The program will continue executing using a default of 1000 ms.
5. This program assumes that a database table "files" does not already
exist in the set of mysql tables and creates the database table files.
6. The counts are contained in an output file "counts.txt"

How to install JDBC driver using the command line:
1. Get the full path to the folder "mysql-connector-java-5.1.26".
2. Type "export MYSQL_HOME="path/mysql-connector-java-5.1.26"
3. Type "export CLASSPATH="$CLASSPATH:$MYSQL_HOME/mysql-connector-java-5.1.26-bin.jar:."
Note: I've included the folder "mysql=connector-java-5.1.26" in my
submission.

Sample Data Set:
1. The "test1" directory contains the directory structure that was given to
me in the problem statement. The program should generate the same results as
described in the problem.
expected in counts.txt:
john - 6
mark - 6
sally - 5

2. The "test2" directory is an empty directory. After running the program
on this directory, there should be an empty database and empty counts.txt
file.
expected in counts.txt:


3. The "test3" directory contains only files. After running the program on
this directory, there should be three entries in the database and three
filenames with a count of 1 in the output file.
expected in counts.txt:
bob - 1
john - 1
sally - 1
expected in the database:
filename | top_level
--------------------
bob      | bob
john     | john
sally    | sally

Note: Before you run the program, make sure that the database "files" does
not already exist. If it does exist type "DROP Database files;" in MySQL.
